Good morning, everybody.
We're here to talk about OS X, right?
Game Center for OS X,
specifically Game Center for OS X.
Hopefully you've seen some
of the earlier slides.
Excuse me, Kristy,
who just talked about multiplayer gaming,
is awesome.
And one of my favorite topics,
because I think all games
should be multiplayer.
But we're here to talk
about Game Center for OS X.
I hope that shows up.
It's a little tight.
It says, welcome back.
I'm Norman.
Well, actually, he's Norman.
Norman will be helping me by coming
on stage and showing a demo of Crush.
You hopefully saw the demo two days ago,
yesterday, yesterday in Dan's talk.
So we've taken what Megan and Dan did
and did a little OS X spin on it.
So welcome to everybody.
Welcome back for me.
Welcome back to my crew.
We've been doing Game Center for a
few years and this is really exciting.
Because now we have it on OS X and it's
cross-platform and it works with all
the iOS devices that are out there now.
You don't have to wait for
iOS 6 for these features.
So as I mentioned, Game Center is new for
OS X Mountain Lion.
This is the first release we have
for OS X and we think it's great.
It's the exact same community.
So everybody who's been playing,
I think there's a hundred people.
125 million users, something like that,
have access, already have accounts,
already have friends.
So we can leverage that.
You can leverage that when
you're building your games.
This is great.
And of course, multiplayer features.
You can compete with all 125 million.
And after this,
maybe you'll have some insight how
to create a game that works on both
platforms to have the most fun.
So I'm going to be talking about
the API that we're delivering.
I'm going to be talking about the user
interface that your users will be using.
And I'm going to be talking about
this from the context of OS X.
So specifically,
a little bit of a repeat here.
Game Center API for OS X,
what's available to you?
How do you use it?
We're going to show you a little
bit about how to set up a project.
So this is slightly new.
It's similar to what we've
done with the previous OS X.
So this is a little bit about what
you've done for iOS and how you get
something into the iOS app store.
We'll talk a little bit
about the OS X app store,
the Mac app store.
Primarily,
I'm going to try to focus on the
differences between iOS and OS X.
There's so much documentation
out there now for Game Center.
We've done presentations at
WWDC for the last two years.
All those are available online.
There's developer documentation
also on the developer site.
And if we have some chance,
we'll be doing that.
And then, of course,
I'll talk to you about
some best practices when
creating your games for OS X.
So we'll go into this.
Game Center as a whole is really
comprised of exactly three pieces.
Game Center services is large,
but there's an application
that the users use.
There's the framework,
which you guys as developers use.
And then there's the services,
which you need to -- which,
as a developer,
you use to set up leaderboards,
and so on.
And then there's the services,
which you need to -- which,
as a developer,
you use to set up leaderboards,
and so on.
up leaderboards, achievements,
group gaming which is new,
which will allow you to
share your leaderboards and
achievements across different apps.
So they could be an app designed for
an iPad and an iPhone and an OSX app,
that's the new part of it.
Which is really awesome
and it works today.
And in fact I've been told that some
people are already trying it out,
which is great.
As developers I hope you
all downloaded the SDK.
We're going to be around this
afternoon and tomorrow in the lab.
That's really your best resource.
This slide is going to be
online in a couple of weeks,
a few weeks I think.
So let's talk about the
Game Center app to start with.
So I'm just going to give
you a run through because
if you're familiar with iOS,
this should look identical,
almost identical.
This is the page that
you see when you log in.
So you have access to change your status,
your account, your photos.
All the apps that are shown are
top apps in the Mac App Store.
So it allows better discovery.
You want to be on your top app and one
of the ways to do that is Game Center and
will help promote your app.
The other one is friends.
So you can see your friends,
see what games your friends are playing,
see what games in common you
have so that you can actually go
and invite him to play a game.
There's also a couple sections.
If you scroll down,
you'll see OS X games.
This is the new section as well as
what games your friend has on iOS,
which you can't see in this screenshot.
Then of course there's the game section.
The top bar represents recommendations.
These are all OS X game recommendations.
And shows all your OS X games here.
Again,
this screen is much larger and you can
scroll through and see your iOS games.
But you'll actually have the ability
to look at your achievements,
the leaderboards for each of the games,
compare similar to iOS.
And then the request page.
So in this case,
Mikey has requested to be my friend
and I can ignore him or accept it.
Accept it, more friends, more games,
more fun.
So we really like that.
That in a nutshell was the app.
But you guys are all developers, right?
And you're really here to
find out about the framework.
GameKit framework.
It's even got the same name.
So we've worked really hard to
try to make the GameKit framework
on OS X equivalent to the
GameKit framework on iOS.
Because we assume that
you've got some knowledge,
some experience,
and you're going to be able to use it.
So we've got some experience, hopefully,
because you all have
apps on the app store.
And when moving to a new platform,
we wanted to try to keep it as much
the same as possible to ease your life.
You'll see when Norman comes up,
he'll show you some magic in Xcode and
you'll see how similar it really is.
So this might end up being
a short talk because there
aren't a lot of differences.
But I'll go over an overview
of the GameKit framework.
We provide you UI for you to use.
We provide you UI for you to
show leaderboards really easily.
It's two or three lines of code.
It's almost identical to iOS.
The major differences you'll
find is in OS X under AppKit,
you have a multi-window environment.
In iOS, it's a single window environment
and everything's presented
modally on top of that.
But here we see a leaderboard
for our demo game.
With me up there.
So I'm one of Norman's friends.
That's great.
Achievements.
You can see the achievements
inside your game.
Again, really easy to do.
And of course, multiplayer.
My favorite feature.
And here you can see Norman's
just about to invite me to a game.
But we'll get back to this.
You'll see more in the demo.
It's really cool when you get
to see all this stuff live.
So the functionality of the game kit,
this is just sort of a list of what you
would want to do or what features we give
to you that you can put into any game.
So single player games can be more
fun and more competitive if you
add leaderboards and achievements.
You don't need to have a multiplayer
game to have competition.
So we have access to players.
Players have profiles.
You can authenticate your players.
The players have friends.
You can see your players' friends.
You can see your
players' friends' photos.
And of course,
leaderboards and achievements.
Submitting achievements is the same.
Submitting scores is the same.
There are subtle differences,
and we'll get into that.
And of course,
there's all these multiplayer features.
This is,
I think everybody should strive to try to
make multiplayer a reality in your game.
So, auto-matching.
It's the same auto-match system.
Invites work similarly.
And in fact, when you're going into group
gaming and you've listed on iTunes
Connect that you have a compatible game,
when you send an invite,
it goes to all of the
devices that have that game.
So you can send an invite and receive
it on both an iPad and a MacBook Pro,
and you can decide where
you want to play the game.
That's really cool, and it works.
It works with all the iOS
devices that are out there now.
And I'll get into that a little bit.
So peer-to-peer networking.
You can set up a match, a GK match,
as Christy eloquently
described in the last session.
How to communicate,
how to check for player statuses,
all of that is almost identical.
And then there's voice
chat and turn-based gaming.
So, feature parity.
I wanted to bring this up again
because I want you to know how hard
we strive to make it ideally the same.
So, if you've already got a game...
That has these features on iOS.
It's really simple,
at least for the Game Center parts of it,
to make it work on OS X.
So players are a GK player,
and authentication is handled the same,
and it has the same
properties as a GK player.
We're feature parity with iOS 5 because
Mountain Lion is shipping in a month,
approximately, and we want it to work
cross-platform right out the gate.
So all of you with iOS 5
devices can join in the fun.
Leaderboard.
So GK score is identical.
GK leaderboard view controller.
Achievements.
There's a GK achievement descriptions.
There's GK achievements.
They're all identical.
Submitting achievements
is exactly the same.
Matchmaking is handled exactly the same.
So you have a GK matchmaker
view controller.
You present the view controller.
We handle all the state
transitions of sending invites,
notifications, accepting invites,
connecting people.
So the multiplayer.
Turn-based matches, exactly similar.
And of course,
voice chat works across devices, too.
There are, however, some differences.
There have to be some differences.
The biggest difference comes from the
object hierarchies between OS X and iOS.
And everything in iOS land
uses the UIKit framework.
And the UIKit framework gives you things
like UI view controllers and UI images.
In OS X, we're underneath the app kit.
And the app kit gives you things like
NS view controllers and NS images.
In iOS, there's essentially one window.
And everything is presented as
view controllers stacked up on top.
Whereas in OS X,
it's a multi-windowed environment.
So when you want to show one of
our leaderboards or achievements,
it actually is a separate window,
and you can move it around.
But what we've done is
we've added a class.
So these are the differences.
Pretty much the only differences
from a Game Center perspective
between iOS and OS X.
What we've done is we've
provided you with this class.
It's called a GK dialogue.
And you can use it in a very
similar manner to you would as
a root view controller in iOS.
So that when you want to present one of
our UI elements that we give you back
as a GK leaderboard view controller,
you can use this.
And it's really simple.
So you can allocate a new one.
You set the parent window so that
when you present the view controller,
it shows up in the right spot.
And then we provide a
present and a dismiss method.
Of course,
when Norman actually gets to do the demo,
you'll see this in play.
He does a little Xcode magic.
It's kind of cool.
If you're using one window,
you only need one dialogue controller.
If you're using multiple windows,
you'll want to have multiple
dialogue controllers.
In our case,
we have a single window game where
the game itself is in one window.
And all the methods to bring up the
leaderboard and the view controller all
come from one main menu in our game.
And so it's easy in our case.
We just have a single dialogue view
controller -- a dialogue controller.
And there's one thing that
I've been asked to mention.
This is not Game Center related.
Not entirely Game Center related.
But early on when we released
GameKit Framework on iOS,
before we introduced
Game Center features,
we had these two classes.
It's called a GK Session and
a GK Peer Picker Controller.
And we used these to connect players
together and browse for players
to play with and communicate.
So what we're telling everybody to do is,
for best practice, use GK Match and
GK Matchmaker Controller.
At the end of the session,
if I have some time,
I've prepared some slides to talk
a little bit about the GK Match and
the Matchmaker View Controller.
But the best resource was --
No, an hour ago.
But as I said,
all the videos are going to be online,
and you should review that.
And there's quite a lot of documentation.
We talked about it last year as well.
Things haven't changed.
And then the last piece
is Game Center services.
Game Center services is all the servers
that hold the leaderboards and the
profiles and the profile pictures and
the achievements and things like that.
And it interacts quite
closely with iTunes Connect.
iTunes Connect is where you go to
enable your game for Game Center.
So you set everything up there.
You're going to say what
leaderboards you're using,
what achievements you have.
And this is a new piece where
you define the game groups.
So Dan talked a little
bit about game groups.
Christy talked a little
There's the iTunes Connect session,
what's new in iTunes
Connect this morning,
where they talked a
little about game groups.
That's where everybody probably
is because they're doing a repeat.
And multiplayer version compatibility.
So previously you were only allowed
to have version compatibility
with the same bundle ID.
Now they allow you to actually have
version compatibility across bundle IDs.
This allows us to have
OS X games play with iOS games.
And I think that's really, really cool.
So now that I've sort of
told you about everything,
I want to talk about how you
actually create the game.
So it's a little bit more involved.
If you're coming from OS X,
you can't just compile and go.
You'll need to get a certificate.
You'll need to deal with the -- You'll
need to deal with the -- You'll need
to deal with the developer site.
So the first thing you want to do
when you're getting started up,
and this will be familiar to
everybody who has iOS experience,
particularly getting
things into the store.
So you go to the developer site.
This is where you register
to get a signing certificate,
where you get all your
provisioning profiles.
So first thing you do,
you go to the dev site,
you set up an app ID.
Once you've set up the app ID,
you configure the app.
In our case,
we want to say what machines we're
going to be doing our testing on.
You need an entitlement for Game Center.
This is the new piece,
which is the main reason for going
through here before you actually test.
You need to sign your apps either
with an ad hoc certificate,
sorry, profile.
So when you go get the profile,
you'll get two profiles, right?
You'll get one so that you can
share and beta test your apps,
and you'll get another one that you
sign for submitting to the store.
[Transcript missing]
The version number, sorry, excuse me,
the build number inside Xcode, right?
At the bottom is where you define,
and here we have another
enabled Game Center,
and this is per version, right?
So you have to do this for
every version of your game,
not just for the overall game.
You have to do that too,
but that's sort of another caveat.
And here you can see I have some
leaderboards set for my group,
right?
There's a global leaderboard,
there's a few achievements,
and this is the cool new part
that I like to talk about.
You'll see there's two games in there
on the multiplayer compatibility side,
right?
There's an iOS game and a Mac OS X game.
And we'll show you that it's
fairly easy to make that work.
But this is a new thing,
and I hope to see lots of great games.
[Transcript missing]
Here we go, Game Center integrated.
I'm logging back in.
It has leaderboards.
I have achievements.
And the single player,
this is a typical vertical
scroller slash shooting game.
[Transcript missing]
You as a developer can be creative in
terms of creating the right solution.
So for Crash,
as you can see in the simulator,
we basically hold down the single touch
on the screen so you can move around
as well as performing the shooting.
So you can be creative and bring the best
look and feel of the OS X native app.
What we have down here is we
actually hook up to the mouse events,
so when you click down the mouse,
then you can move left and right.
But some users might prefer,
if you're coming from a first
person shooting experience,
you might want to hook up to WASD or
error keys in order to feel better
or be detached away from the mouse.
Okay, so let's look at...
The code here.
So there's some fundamental differences,
as Gabe mentioned.
One of the big ones is the difference
between app kit versus UI kit.
So here we have a declaration
of UI view controller.
By the way,
I'm going to be working in my menu.h
and my menu.m file in our project.
These are the primary files that deal
with creating the UI of the game.
And these are the only places that
we have that deal with the game kit.
So here we are in the header file.
We have a declaration
of UI view controller.
We type that to a view controller.
Which is not going to be working for us
for OS X because we don't have UI kit.
We have app kit instead.
And the way we use this view
controller in our game is to bring
up any of the associate views.
For example,
achievement view or leaderboard
view on the iOS side.
As Gabe has mentioned
in his previous slide,
we do have a GK dialog controller
that's available on the OS X.
So we're going to be using that
to present and dismiss any of the
leaderboard or achievement view.
So let's go ahead and
add that into our class.
So if we are on iOS,
let's keep the declaration of the
UI view controller because that's what's
available and that's working for us.
Otherwise, on OS X,
we're going to have a declaration
of UI view controller.
And that's working for us.
Otherwise, on OS X,
we're going to have a declaration
of UI view controller.
So let's go ahead and
add that into our class.
And we declare a new property
called GK dialog controller which
we'll be using for translating the
presentation and dismissal of any
of the view controller we bring in
and out from the game kit framework.
So that's that.
Let's switch to...
The source file.
So now we have a whole
bunch of compilation errors.
So when you look at this,
as soon as we have a declaration
of different properties
based on different platform,
we need to change the synthesizers so the
right instance variable can be created.
So instead of doing synthesizing
just the view controller,
let's do if we are on iOS,
let's synthesize view controller.
Otherwise, if we're on Mac,
because we are declaring the dialog
controller as one of the properties,
let's synthesize that one.
Okay, so what we have so far is on OS X,
view controller is no
longer available to us,
and we use a GK dialog
controller instead.
But we can't really use it right now
without any of the other properties.
So let's go ahead and
initialize this for the OS X.
So in our view initialization,
let's do this.
If we are not on iOS,
so which means we are on OS X,
the GK dialog controller can be created
by calling the standard alloc init.
And we're setting up a single property,
which is the pairing window.
This is easy for us.
We don't have a single window game,
so therefore we can always retrieve
the window by doing the self view
window that will give us the one and
only window that's available to us.
And that.
Okay, so we have a dialog
controller at this point,
and it's initialized and ready to go.
And now it's coming down to how
we present and dismiss any of the
view controllers from GameKit.
And you can see we have all these
iOS-specific code that we will
need to do some refactoring.
So to do some refactoring,
I come up with a generic present
and dismiss method that's
available on both platforms.
So when you call it on the iOS side,
it will be automatically
calling the view controller,
present, and dismiss any of the view
controller you want to bring up.
But on the OS X,
it will just use the GK dialog
controller to present and
dismiss the view controller.
Let's go ahead and say if we're on iOS,
our present view controller.
Notice how we're declaring
a UIViewController here.
That's UIKit that's available on the iOS.
So the body will be the
existing code that we have.
So we use the UIViewController to present
a model view of the GameKit controller.
And then we're going to use the
UIViewController to present a model
view of the GameKit controller.
And for the corresponding dismiss, again,
we're doing a UI view controller.
and we'll be calling the view
controller directly dismissal.
On OS X, since we have declared
GK dialog controller,
and that's available to us
and has been initialized,
so we can go ahead and use that.
And for OS X,
because it's AppKit and we are
switching to an SPU controller here.
So we use the GK dialog controller
calling the present view of
the input view controller here.
And for the dismissal,
we are going to be doing the same thing
of using the GK dialog controller.
Alright, so with this block that's
in our code right now,
we have two functions that's
available for iPhone and OS X.
And it will behave differently,
but it's the same interface of
calling in and out from your code.
So let's go ahead and start using these
new functions and put them into our code.
Alright, so we have a couple of places
doing view controller dismiss
and view controller presentation,
but if you notice this code,
this is our existing iOS code.
What it does is, because iOS is single
window and it's full screen,
everything is presented modally,
and in order to bring up any
of the model view controllers,
you need to dismiss any of the
previous one that's being brought up.
So we're doing this fail-safe
tag here previously,
but it's no longer needed for
OS X because we're dealing
with multi-window environment.
So let's make that iOS only.
And for the completing
our new code refactoring,
let's go ahead and start using
the new dismiss method because
this has been factored out.
So I already have that in.
Remove that.
And this is actually a
self-dub view controller.
And for view controller presentation,
we have created a
present view controller.
So let's go ahead and use that.
Remove this.
And this is the second dialog
controller when invite happens.
So we'll go ahead and make this iOS only.
That's dismissing any of the model
view that's already presented.
Let's use the dismissed
view controller here.
And view controller presentation.
Let's go ahead and use the
new function that we created,
which is cross-platform.
Copy that and here you see
how we show leaderboard,
which is the old iOS code.
I change that to use the new code,
which is for both platforms
show achievements.
Let's do the same thing for
present view controllers.
And after we authenticated
matchmaking controller,
we are going to be using the
new present view controller.
And here,
any of the view controller that's
finished being interactive with
the user will perform a dismissal.
But let's do the -- go ahead and
use the new dismiss view controller
function that's available to us.
So here, this is the code to dismiss
the achievement view.
And here, dismiss the leaderboard view.
Dismiss matchmaking view controller.
And again, matchmaking view controller.
So now we have finished
making these changes.
All right, build succeeded.
Let's go ahead and launch that.
Alright,
so this is Crash running on OS X and you
can see it's logging me in automatically.
And from Game Center I'm logging in here,
my profile photo is showing and
I have one and only friend of Gabe.
Right here.
Crash is on iOS.
The implementation is a
peer-to-peer multiplayer game.
This is the most important part.
So after -- yeah.
So the leaderboard is
now being presented.
It's the same chunk of code.
PresentViewController and
DismissViewController is
running on both platforms.
So now achievement also works.
And how you notice...
These views are actually
independent windows,
which is different compared to OS X.
I'm going to go ahead and
send an invite to Gabe,
who's going to be running the
very same app running on his iPad.
Let's see if we can do a cross-play.
Okay, invite friend, one and only.
Hey, be nice to me.
I'm a good friend to have.
That's a good thing.
We're connected and ready to play.
Press play.
There you go.
I'm green, he's red.
Yeah.
It's fairly easy and
fairly straightforward,
but you see how I am
at a disadvantage here,
or maybe Gabe just being... Yeah,
I just stopped.
Merciful.
So I'm using a mouse here,
and immediately I notice
the input that we're using,
it's...
[Transcript missing]
So that's... that... Okay,
so what do we have here?
We have a single set of source file
that's being available for both projects.
So let's go back to iOS project,
and you can see the changes that we
have made are propagated to this project
because they share the same files.
Let's just make sure we didn't break
that for doing any cross-platform work.
It's always good to
verify on both platforms.
All right, because we changed the view
controller presentation,
this missed, and these are still working.
and no problem.
All right, so last week when Gabe and
I worked together,
and Gabe came up with
this crazy idea saying,
"Oh, you know, with Crash launching that
after you log into Game Center,
we have no--any acknowledgment
for the user to know that
you're logged in." So he said,
"Why don't you just put--load the
player profile photo and put it
on the screen somewhere?" So we're
going to go ahead and do that.
So let's switch to OS X project.
So now let's develop on OS X.
And GKPlayer actually gave
us this functionality.
So if you look at the GKPlayer,
there's an API already, existing API,
got little photo for size.
Everything is looking exactly
the same except this guy.
So on iOS, it's a returning user,
a UI image pointer in a callback block,
but it's only having an
NS image on the OS X.
So we need to bridge the gap here.
And from this point,
Any code that we write should
always have the mentality of
having to run on both platforms.
So ideally, I would only want to
write this code once,
having the logic set once,
but it works magically on both platforms.
Okay, so let's figure out where we
need to stick that code in first.
So in the initialization,
we're authenticating with Game Center.
So at this point, we have a login result.
Whether it's success or failure,
we are doing different things.
So here would be a good place
to put in that code to perform
a load of player profile.
So let's say we load the player
profile and put it on the bottom
right corner of the screen.
So how do we do that?
That's easy.
We just call the API.
It gave us the image.
But how do we put the
image on the screen?
We need to put the image to some
sort of image view and put that image
view on the screen as a subview.
OK.
But on iOS,
we have a UI image and UI image view.
But on OS X,
we have an image and image view,
which is quite different.
So to bridge the gap,
I'm declaring a new prototype
called picture or profile photo.
So let's go ahead and do that.
If we are running on iOS,
I'm going to tap that UI view
to a profile image data type,
and also I will type dive UI image
view to profile image view.
Otherwise on OS X,
I'm going to go ahead and use
NSImage instead for this data type.
I use NSImageView for...
[Transcript missing]
So we can go back to this code
and start loading our image.
So to load image, we're calling into--
we find a local player,
which is the player
that's always logging in.
And then we call the load for the size,
specify a small.
And notice the callback block here.
Instead of taking the
NS image or UI image,
I'm using the brand new data
type I have created above.
So if the photo is set and loaded,
we're going to say define the dimension
of the photo we want to display to be 64,
and we create this photo image view.
We need to set where it's
going to be locating.
So for the bottom right,
so the x axis will be the total
width minus the dimension,
and y start at zero,
and we want to display as a box,
so it's same dimension.
So once we have the dimension
and we have the image view,
we need to set the image property
to be the photo that's being
returned to us by GameKit,
and we also set a frame,
which is the location,
and we add that to our game view,
so it will be overlaid on top,
and we close that.
On OS X, let's go ahead and run that.
Okay, so now I'm logging in.
Profile photo is loaded and displayed.
So let's, for sanity check,
let's go back to iOS project, builds,
and let's load up the simulator.
And it's working some sort,
and what do we have here?
We have a... iOS only bug.
The gotcha here is the difference
between UI view and NS view.
In the UI view, the origin of
The view starts at the top left corner.
However,
if you switch to OS X using the NS view,
it's on the bottom left.
That's your origin.
So there are a couple ways to solve this.
You can apply a transform to your view,
just so that all the
coordinates are exactly the
same across different platform.
Or you can invert the math by
setting-- take the difference on the
approach when calculating the y-axis.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So we are in the iOS project.
So here's the code that we have loaded.
And for OS X,
we want the y coordinate to be zero,
because that's when the bottom starts.
Let's change that.
So if we're on iOS iPhone,
the height of where the y-axis
should be-- the total height
minus the picture dimension.
Otherwise, on OS X, we just use zero.
So now let's build that and
have a quick run-through.
And here we go.
We invert it, and now the bug is fixed,
and OS X should not be touched.
Here.
So we have feature parity as well as
fixing the bugs on the iOS-only side.
And I'm logging to Game Center.
So let's look at the games.
And I have Crash that's under me.
And these are my achievements,
which have completed.
And if you look at the achievement
over here on the iOS side,
they are exactly the same,
which is quite cool.
And you get that for free by using--
by adopting the GameKit framework.
And using GameGroups.
Yes.
So that's the end of the demo.
So hopefully you get an idea of how
easy it is to bring the equivalent
GameKit functionality from iOS to OS X.
And now I'm going to switch back to Gabe.
So I think Norman did a great job,
especially showing how easy
and similar the two platforms
are from the GameKit framework.
We showed exactly how to deal
with the UI view controller
and the NS view controller.
We used a GK dialog controller
instead of a root view controller.
Images, pretty much the same.
There's a convenience here.
It just so happens that the relationship
between an NS image and an NS image
view is the same as the relationship
between a UI image and a UI image view.
So that made it really easy for us.
But you also notice
some of the difference.
So the graphic coordinates, for example,
are different between the two platforms.
And then, of course,
we saw that target OS iPhone
show up quite a lot.
It's probably really important.
I have a few minutes left.
And as I mentioned before,
I talked a little bit about this
old API that existed for GK session.
But I really wanted to talk a little
bit about peer-to-peer multiplayer.
I know Christy did a fantastic job,
so I'm just going to
go over this briefly,
and then I'll try to summarize it.
I don't have much time left.
So to get a multiplayer game going,
it's fairly easy.
You have a match request,
a GK match request,
which defines all your match parameters.
How many people are in their game,
if you have any special
matching attributes,
or you want to divide
your players into buckets.
GK matchmaker, which is a singleton,
which you can use to do a quick match.
You set an invite handler there.
There's a GK matchmaker view controller,
which is the UI.
So you saw that in the demo
where Norman invited me.
That's the GK matchmaker view controller.
And then of course the GK match,
which you use to communicate
between your different players.
So I think I have three slides on this.
The first is the
GK matchmaker view controller.
And that gets created
basically in two ways.
With a match request,
if it's an outgoing match,
or with an invite,
if your user has accepted an invite,
launches your game,
if you set the invite handler,
you'll get this invite,
and you need to create
the view controller.
And of course displaying it
is just subtly different.
It's still only a line.
Really easy to do.
The objects that you get back,
the GK matchmaker view controller,
is still a GK matchmaker view
controller on both platforms,
but use the dialog controller
in our case to present it.
How you actually get a
GK match is one of two ways.
Either as a delegate from the
GK matchmaker view controller,
so when the invite has
been successfully made,
and the...
[Transcript missing]
Related sessions.
Yeah, I'm lost,
so these all happened before me,
but videos will be available.
I know that the presenters
will all be available.
Thank you everybody for coming.